**Group members: Sarah Sylvester, Linh Dang, and Long Truong (COMP221: Algorithm Design and Analysis)**

**General Information For This Project**

This project utilizes one of the algorithm topics that were covered in the course, COMP221: the Knapsack problem. When creating this project, we became interested in finding fun applications that we could effectively utilize the Knapsack algorithm, especially as we've heard interesting ways of interpreting the algorithm, such as a robber attempting to grab as many things and putting it into their bag. In detail, we implement a more advanced version of the Knapssack algorithm. It is a variation of knapsack where a particular item can be picked up in any amount instead of 0 or 1 in the original 0/1 Knapsack. As a result, we became inspired to create a story that stemmed from the phrase "the straw that broke the camel's back." This project is made up of two components: the text file that contains the overall story and the code that contains the Knapsack algorithm. 

With this idea in mind, we sought to create a situation where we want to place a series of items onto a camel. This camel is expected to travel across varying distances, especially as the merchant (the user) is seeking to transport the valuable items via the camel. The ``story.txt`` file outlines what the user should be aware of, making the Knapsack problem even more interesting! That way, the story could amplify the interesting and useful aspects of the algorithm. In the ``main.py`` file, the Knapsack algorithm could be found. In this file, the user can be able to see the list of items that the camel is able to hold given its capacity, which is the maximum weight that the camel could hold. In this scenario, we're trying to maximize the number of items that the camel can move without exceeding the weight limit. 